1. "Be yourself; everyone else is already taken." - Oscar Wilde

2. "You've gotta dance like there's nobody watching, Love like you'll never be hurt, Sing like there's nobody listening, And live like it's heaven on earth." - William W. Purkey

3. "Be the change that you wish to see in the world." - Mahatma Gandi

4. "Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that." - Martin Luther King Jr.

5. "Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever." - Mahatma Gandi

6. "Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten." - Neil Gaiman

7. "I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." - Thomas A. Edison

8.  "It is never too late to be what you might have been." - George Eliot

9.  "Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." - George Bernard Shaw

10.  "And, when you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it." - Paulo Coelho

11.  "When I despair, I remember that all through history the way of truth and love have always won. There have been tyrants and murderers, and for a time, they can seem invincible, but in the end, they always fall. Think of it -- always." - Mahatma Gandhi

12. "And once the storm is over, you won't remember how you made it through, how you managed to survive. You won't even be sure, whether the storm is really over. But one thing is certain. When you come out of the storm, you won't be the same person who walked in. That's what this storm's all about." - Haruki Murakami

13.  "Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart." - Roy T. Bennett

14.  "Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create." - Roy T. Bennett

15.  "Take responsibility of your own happiness, never put it in other people's hands." - Roy T. Bennett

16.  "Accept yourself, love yourself, and keep moving forward. If you want to fly, you have to give up what weighs you down." - Roy T. Bennett

17.  "If you can't fly then run, if you can't run then walk, if you can't walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving foward." - Martin Luther King Jr.

18.  "Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine." - Roy T. Bennett

19.  "When you have eliminated all which is impossible, then whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth." - Arthur Conan Doyle

20.  "Live the Life of Your Dreams: Be brave enough to live the life of your dreams according to your vision and purpose instead of the expectations and opinions of others." - Roy T. Bennett

21.  "It's only after you've stepped outside your comfort zone that you begin to change, grow, and transform." - Roy T. Bennett

22.  "The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt

23.  "Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant." - Robert Louis Stevenson

24.  "Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular." - Roy T. Bennett

25.  "Keep going. Your hardest times often lead to the greatest moments of your life. Keep going. Tough situations build strong people in the end." - Roy T. Bennett

26.  "You never fail until you stop trying." - Albert Einstein

27.  "Be grateful for what you already have while you pursue your goals. If you aren't grateful for what you already have, what makes you think you would be happy with more." - Roy T. Bennett

28.  "Believe in your heart that you're meant to live a life full of passion, purpose, magic and miracles." - Roy T. Bennett

29.  "Life is about accepting the challenges along the way choosing to keep moving forward, and savoring the journey." - Roy T. Bennett

30.  "Great things happen to those who don't stop believeing, trying, learning, and being grateful." - Roy T. Bennett

31.  "A ship is safe in harbor, but that's not what ships are for." - John A. Shedd

32.  "The only way that we can live, is if we grow. The only way that we can grow is if we change. The only way that we can change is if we learn. The only way we can learn is if we are exposed. And the only way that we can become exposed is if we throw ourselves out into the open. Do it. Throw yourself." - C. JoyBell C.

33.  "I have come to accept the feeling of not knowing where I am going. And I have trained myself to love it. Because it is only when we are suspended in mid-air with no landing in sight, that we force our wings to unravel and alas begin our flight. And as we fly, we still may not know where we are going to. But the miracle is in the unfolding of the wings. You may not know where you're going, but you know that so long as you spread your wings, the winds will carry you." - C. JoyBell C.

34.  "You never change your life until you step out of your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone." - Roy T. Bennett

35.  "Let the improvement of yourself keep you so busy that you have no time to criticize others." - Roy T. Bennett

36.  "Anyone can hide. Facing up to things, working through them, that's what makes you strong." - Sarah Dessen

37.  "Incredible change happens in your life when you decide to take control of what you do have power over instead of craving control over what you don't." - Steve Maraboli

38.  "Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars." - Norman Vincent Peale

39.  "Courage isn't having the strength to go on - it is going on when you don't have strength." - Napoleon Bonaparte

40.  "Trees that are slow to grow bear the best fruit." - Moliere

41.  "Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself." - Roy T. Bennett

42.  "Listen with curiosity. Speak with honesty. Act with integrity. The greatest problem with communication is we don't listen to understand. We listen to reply. When we listen with curiosity, we don't listen with the intent to reply. We listen for what's behind the words." - Roy T. Bennett

43.  "If we listened to our intellect we'd never have a love affair. We'd never have a friendship. We'd never go in business because we'd be cynical: "It's gonna go wrong." Or "She's going to hurt me." Or, "I've had a couple of bad love affairs, so therefore..." Well, that's nonsense. You're going to miss life. You've got to jump off the cliff all the time and build your wings on the way down." - Ray Bradbury